---
author: court
date: 2005-04-10 21:27:44+00:00
draft: false
title: Movable Type
type: post
url: /blog/2005/04/10/429/
categories:
- Tech
---

If you are perceptive, you may notice that the blog looks a little different today.  If you aren't perceptive, then you won't notice a thing, and reading the rest of this won't matter a bit to you.  You can go.




If you are still here, that means that you are 1) not colour blind, and 2) not a moron.  I managed to get Movable Type going on the weekend and I think it's a big win.  Hasta la Vista, Blogger.  For a free service, they really treated me like they never took a dollar from me or something.  It's like they didn't owe me anything, the way they acted.  Sheesh.




Anyway, Movable Type is a real software product you can buy, or you can completely cheap out and run an older version for free.  Knowing me as you do, you can be sure that I value the work that goes into a product like this and the sheer nerve of not rewarding that effort made it a clear decision in my mind to do the right thing.




So, I cheaped out and picked the free one, and it really rocks.




I still have some setup to do on the templates, getting the tracking back and the Flickr badge which I think is fun, but mostly we're up and running.  The look is a bit different, I'm open to suggestions and feedback of course, which I will immediately ignore because I'm like that.  




Anyway, that's that, blog life should be good as long as the router stays up...




