---
author: court
date: 2007-02-26 15:57:38+00:00
draft: false
title: March 3, 2001
url: /blog/2007/02/26/march-3-2001/
categories:
- Family News
---

This year Nikki and I will be celebrating our 6th anniversary by renewing our vows in the same church we were married in.  It's a fun thing to do, and a whole order of magnitude simpler than our original wedding.  We are only having a couple of guests, and no real dinner to plan besides making reservations.  I don't imagine it will be any more fun than that day, but it should be a good time.

Here's some interesting facts about our anniversary and wedding day:


<blockquote>- March 3, 2001, or 3/3/2001  -  all digits in 2001 add up to 3, so that's three "3s"

- The wedding started at 3:30pm

- Nikki, Jordy and I stood together, all three of us.

- We each had three attendants.

- All of us standing at the front of the church: 9 (not counting Rev. Dave) or 3 x 3.</blockquote>


Altogether, that's 10 "3s" for our original wedding.

Now, in case you didn't think that we should be renewing our vows on our 6th, here's some more:


<blockquote>- March 3, 2007 or 3/3/2007 - all digits in 2007 add to 9, so that's 5 "3s" all together

- The renewal will start at 3:30pm, naturally.

- This time it will be Nikki and I, our THREE kids, and two attendants each, for a total of 9 not counting Rev. Dave</blockquote>


Altogether, you bet, 10 "3s".

If that doesn't bake your noodle, what will?  So I'm a huge geek, so what?

Anyway, so there you go, it's a cosmically significant date to renew my commitment to my wonderful wife.  A no-brainer.

*** **Update**:  Speaking of cosmically significant, how about [this](http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2007/12feb_lunareclipse.htm?list39638)?  March 3, 2007 will also be an excellent time to observe a lunar eclipse, where the rising sun will turn blood red.  That's going to look darn cool, if we can see it.
