---
author: nikki
date: 2007-10-23 21:00:53+00:00
draft: false
title: Reality Check...
url: /blog/2007/10/23/975/
categories:
- Family News
---

Well it's not much this time...(which is a shocker for me) but rather an observation from a grateful parent.

It's amazing how you can always get caught up in your own bubble isn't it?  We just spent last night with Jordy ordering the iPod Nano.  This procedure would probably take the average person about 5 minutes max to do (which includes the time it takes to pull out/locate the credit card).  Anyway, it was so cute, and sweet, and downright refreshing to see a kid in this day and age get SO excited about working hard to save the money, and actually meet a goal...the old fashioned way.   We're so proud of her, and  yes we are biased, but I think she's one awesome and amazing kid.  One we are very fortunate to have.  I've been basking in her state of heightened responsibility and consideration for others, which is all too often a rarity for the average 12 year old.  One can only hope that other parents are reaping the same rewards with their pre-teens.

Then you get a reality check...

This week I found a letter  in Quinn's school bag saying that there was "an incident" at the neighbouring high school that kept the kids indoors at his elementary school.  No details, and probably just as well.  The day after Jordynn tells us that a grade seven boy left her school in handcuffs.  He was arrested for slugging his teacher.  Apparently this is the same kid who last year was in grade six at Quinn's school and put the place into lock down with death threats.  It was rumoured he had a hit list.  Somehow they let that kid move into the high school with the rest of our children.

All this post is meant to say is simply this:

Savour those glowing moments with your kids.  Give them street sense...encourage them to listen to their guts, and above all, go easy on the good ones when they let you down.  They live in a harsher world than we did and danger is closer than we allow ourselves to believe sometimes.
